Added readme for Ephemeral Database action (#25)
TonicAI/gha-toolbox: ephemeral/database/README.md

# Ephemeral Databases

This action is used to create or destroy a database on a Tonic Ephemeral deployment.

A Tonic Ephemeral host must be provided, alongside a valid API key in order to authenticate with the server.

API keys for a user can be made in the UI of Tonic Ephemeral on the settings page.

# Usage

<!-- start usage -->
```yaml

> - uses: tonicai/ephemeral-database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- uses: tonicai/gha-toolbox/ephemeral/database@main
```

Needs changing in other locations as well.

  with:
    # Hostname of the Tonic Ephemeral deployment
    host: 'https://ephemeral.tonic.ai'

    # The api key for the chosen user on the specified deployment
    key: '<your-api-key-here>'

    # The name of the database to either create or destroy
    name: 'My Ephemeral Database'
    
    # Whether to create a database named <name> or to destroy the database named <name>
    # Possible values: [ 'create-if-not-exists' | 'delete-if-exists' ]
    mode: 'create-if-not-exists'

>     # The configuration to give the database, when in create mode
>     configuration: 'TODO: yaml' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The configuration to give the database, when in create mode
    # See ephemeral documentation for more details
    configuration: |
      baseImageId: 626ba666-82d7-4466-b885-cdd731834157
      resourceGroupId: 53ef99c8-06ea-4480-a6aa-f4aeabdc6ead
      storageSizeInGigabytes: 5
      volumeReference: example.com/ephemeral-volumes:postgres
      configurationFile: |
        max_connections = 300
        shared_buffers = 80MB
```

```
<!-- end usage -->

# Modes

- [Create database](#Create-database)
- [Destroy database](#Destroy-database)

## Create database

When the mode is specified as `create-if-not-exists` the action will first query the Ephemeral user's databases for a database with the given input `name`.  If a database with a matching name is not found, the action will create and await the initialization of a database with the given input `configuration`.

### Configuration
The database can be created from a snapshot in order to pre-populate it with data, or it can be created as an empty database. 

```yaml
- uses: tonicai/ephemeral-database 
  with:
    host: 'https://ephemeral.tonic.ai'

    key: '<your-api-key-here>'

    name: 'My Ephemeral Database'
    
    mode: 'create-if-not-exists'

    configuration: 'TODO: yaml' 
```

## Destroy Database

> When the mode is specified as `destroy-if-exists` the action will first query the Ephemeral user's databases for a database with the given input `name`.  If exactly one database with a matching name is found, this action will make a request to delete it.

Reviewer: `destroy-many` is also a valid input; when set `name` is treated as a new line separated collection of database names:

```yaml
- uses: tonicai/gha-toolbox/ephemeral/database@main
  with:
    host: ...
    key: ...
    mode: destroy-many
    name: |
      database1
      database2
```

Author: gotcha, saw that in the code but wasn't sure if you wanted to expose that.  Makes sense though and seems useful
